For this week, we will focus on Dashiell Hammett's work: The Maltese Falcon and The Thin Man. You can use the How to Read a Novel sheet  and How to Read a Film sheet to help you think about these works.

3. Look up the definition of a Macguffin and a Red Herring.  How do you see them defined? Give examples of them in The Thin Man and in The Maltese Falcon.-- Laura, Hai, Robin, Mercede, Madisyn, Hunter

A MacGuffin is a term used for an object, device or event that has no inherent value or significance and is used purely as a motivation for the characters or to further the story.
A Red Herring in stories is something whose purpose is to mislead or distract the audience.


In The Maltese Falcon, The MacGuffin is introduced right away as the Falcon statue. While in the film the falcon has significant monetary value, it inherently has no value and can easily be replaced with just about any other item. It is the driving force behind the progression of the story and the motivations of the characters in the story.
I think there were a few Red Herrings in The Maltese Falcon. The first of which is the detective's partners wife. Through some of the conversations between the detective and the wife such as the conversation where the detective confronts the wife at his office, I thought for sure that the wife murdered her husband to we with the detective. That was not actually the case as Ruth Wonderly killed him as a ploy to protect herself and her interests.
The second big Red Herring that I liked was the detective himself. The detective shows himself to be a man that is greedy, selfish, and uncompassionate. But at the end of the film, it turns out he is a man with integrity. I do have my doubts on whether or not the ending would be that way if the falcon was not fake as he was a little bit too convincing as a person without integrity.

In "The thin man", the MacGuffin is the bonds that the Clyde Wynant hd with the government. It is an item that sole purpose is to trigger the conflict between Clyde Wynant and his mistress the secretary, therefore triggering the events that follow. The bonds become immediately irrelevent to the main story after and all of the characters forget about it.
The Red Herrings are much more obvious in "The thin man". The most notable of which lie in the evidence left behind on the secretey's corpse, the clothes and corpse left behind in the lab. I thought it they were not as good as ones found in Maltese falcon as they were too obvious and it just showed  